Now let's get up to
speed with Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's.
What is that?
No!
A Dark Sign!
A sign in our city can
only mean one thing, Lazar.
A Shadow Duel?
But I thought the Dark
Signers were in the satellite.
Goodwin, what the
deck is going on?
Carly?
But you fell.
It seems that the Dark Signers
are actively recruiting duelists
to join their cause.
They chose yours truly,
and that's bad news for you.
♪
You want to really see how
exciting a duel can be, Sayer?
Then why don't you agree to
battle me in a Shadow Duel?
Carly, you've got
yourself a deal.
Fortune Lady Fire,
attack him directly!
♪
Unless you do
something, and quick,
I'm afraid that you're going
to lose our little duel
and end up...in
the Nether World.
♪
Where is my brother?
I already told you
that I don't know!
Then we duel.
♪
You can never beat me.
Be smart, and talk.
Tell me what you know
about my only brother's fate,
and I promise I'll make your
defeat quick and painless.
So what's your decision?
I don't know what happened!
Then that leaves me no choice.
You know your
dear friend, Sayer?
I'm afraid he's about
to lose his Shadow Duel!
Sayer?
And so are you.
♪
♪ Going fast makes
me feel alive ♪
♪ My heart beats
in hyperdrive ♪
♪ Do you think you can win ♪
♪ Only if I lose ♪
♪ Just let destiny choose ♪
♪ I can hear you breathin' ♪
♪ I can see you comin' ♪
♪ I can feel the wind ♪
♪ It's blowing me around ♪
♪ Take a shot at me
runnin' side by side ♪
♪ It's a blur as I go by ♪
♪ I can hear you breathin' ♪
♪ I can see you comin' ♪
♪ I can feel the wind ♪
♪ It's blowing me around ♪
♪ See the sun arising ♪
♪ Fire in the sky ♪
♪ Greatness thrusts
itself into our lives ♪♪
♪
Let's see how my
new and improved ride
handles some offroading.
(shouting)
♪
There it is, the Arcadia
Movement Headquarters.
Now to find that Shadow Duel.
♪
It's over for you, Akiza.
You won't be able
to hide behind
the Arcadia movement
for much longer.
What are you talking about?
As we speak, your leader, Sayer,
is dueling a new friend of mine,
and let's just say that,
like you, he doesn't stand
a chance of winning his duel.
So, are you ready to tell me
what happened to my brother?
I don't know your brother!
Fine, then, be that way.
I'll get the answers I
want, sooner or later.
And with your dragon's
power reduced to nothing,
I'll know the
truth in no time.
And to hurry things along,
I'll activate the power of
my Savage Coliseum trap,
which forces our
monsters to battle.
And with 0 attack points,
your Black Rose Dragon
doesn't stand a chance.
Now prepare yourself, Akiza.
Reptile Gorgon is about
to obliterate your beast!
♪
My mark, it's trying to
tell me something, but what?
It's telling you
to be very afraid
of the Dark Signer's power.
I don't understand all this.
Why are you so convinced I
did something to your brother?
'Cause last time I saw him,
he was going on
and on about someone,
and that someone was you.
That's right, he couldn't
stop talking about you
and how he just had to meet you!
Now unless you're going to
tell me what happened to him,
make your move!
Listen, Misty, I'd tell you
something if I knew something,
but I don't, so I guess
this duel's full steam ahead.
And now that I got your
Coliseum's power boost,
I'll activate the
Synchro Spirits trap,
which lets me remove
a Synchro monster
in my graveyard from play,
and then resummon
the monsters I originally
used to Synchro Summon it.
So by removing Black
Rose Dragon from play,
I can summon both Twilight
Rose Knight and Lord Poison
back to the field
in attack mode.
And then I'll activate this!
The Dimension
Reversion trap card,
which returns every monster I
removed from play to my deck.
Black Rose Dragon is
back, ready, and waiting.
Excellent, now
go ahead and bring
your beloved Black Rose
Dragon back to the field.
I'd be more than happy to
destroy it a second time.
That's not gonna
happen, Misty,
because I'm
activating this trap.
With the power of Urgent Tombing
I can summon a Synchro Monster
during my battle phase.
So, once again, Twilight
Rose Knight will be giving
Lord Poison a little tune-up.
♪
I Synchro Summon
Black Rose Dragon!
♪
But we're not done yet.
You see, my Black Rose Dragon
is so excited after being
successfully Synchro Summoned,
it just can't just
help but incinerate
every other card on the field.
♪
I'd say that was your
endgame this whole time,
and that you let me
destroy Black Rose Dragon,
but I don't want to give
you that much credit.
However, you didn't
destroy every card.
Thanks to Field
Barrier's protection,
the savage Coliseum isn't going
anywhere, unlike my brother.
For the last time, just
because he liked me,
doesn't mean I know something.
He said he went
to watch you duel,
and that he spoke
to you afterwards,
and that talking to you
made him want to join
the Arcadia Movement.
And then he vanished
without a trace.
Look, Misty, I'm really sorry
that you lost your brother,
but you have to believe me,
I had absolutely
nothing to do with it.
I don't have to
believe anything, Akiza!
And don't pretend you're sorry.
I've seen the way
you duel Black Rose.
You let your power run wild.
You're out of control.
Why is it people watching
you duel always get hurt?
It's because you
don't care about anyone
other than yourself,
isn't that right, Akiza?
No, that's not right,
I'm a good person!
Do you care about the people you
scared during the tournament?
The people who
just wanted to watch
their favorite duelists duel?
Those people were mocking
me and calling me a witch!
Oh, I understand.
So what you're saying
then is that those people
deserved what happened to them.
You're saying that you're
glad that you scared them.
♪
What if she's right?
(thunking)
♪
Luna!
How'd you guys find me?
This is the eighth door
he's knocked in.
Leo!
All right, stand back you two.
(crashing)
Leo, you all right?
Is it Christmas already?
How do you feel,
are you hurt?
What happened?
I told Sayer.
How'd you do?
Not too good.
I got schooled.
(yelling)
♪
Where's Luna, is she okay?
I'm right in
front of you, Leo.
There you are, I'm
so glad you're safe!
It's not like I'm helpless
without you, you know?
So, what am I
doing in this room?
I don't know, but let's
not talk about it right now.
Meaning, let's get out of here!
My brother watched you duel in
the narrows of New Domino City.
He said he spoke to you
afterwards, Akiza; you!
I don't know.
I don't remember
meeting him, I'm sorry.
And yet you say
you're a good person.
Wouldn't a good
person remember
meeting an excited fan?
I don't believe a
word you're saying.
What happened to my brother?
Did he fail your little
entry test and that was that?
Why would you tell some
boy you don't even know--
I tell everyone I meet
to consider the movement!
Because if they are like me, I
don't want them to go through--
To go through
what I went through.
♪
Luna?
What are you doing?
Come on!
Another Signer is dueling.
Luna, we gotta keep moving.
It's too dangerous to stop, sis!
Akiza!
Luna!
Luna, we have to go!
Fine, have it
your way, Akiza.
Keep on lying
and denying,
but in the end, you and
I both know it was you,
and because of that,
I'm sending you and your
lies to the Netherworld.
After all, it was you who told
my brother to leave his family.
You stole him from us!
And now, you're going to pay!
There she is.
I guess there's no
convincing you, is there?
It's your move, Misty.
She's dueling?
Who's her opponent?
The end is near, Akiza.
That mark on her arm!
It looks like one of the demons
that fought the Crimson Dragon!
Does that mean she's
one of those Dark Signers
Yusei was talking about?
Does anyone realize
who that young lady is?
That's Misty, the
world's biggest supermodel!
From my hand, I'm activating
the Reptile Spawn spell card.
Now, if I remove
a Reptile monster
in my graveyard from play,
I can harness Reptile
Spawn's power and summon
two Reptile tokens.
But these little guys
won't be sticking around.
They will enable me to
summon an even greater power.
Now, by releasing those two
tokens, I can open the door
to the Netherworld and summon
Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua!
♪
(worried shout)
My mark is hurting.
Just like it did
when I dueled Kalin.
(screaming)
♪
What's going on?
How're you doing this, Luna?
I don't know, but
I think we're safe.
I think this light's like
an energy shield or something.
Look up there.
Look at the sky!
♪
(screaming)
What's happening?
♪
Those same strange lights
appeared when Kalin dueled.
♪
What is this?
My Earthbound Immortal
is absorbing the spirits
of Domino City's citizens.
But don't worry,
it won't absorb you,
because I'm
saving you for last.
♪
What is that?
What gives?
Where's this monster?
You did just summon
one, didn't you?
Oh I summoned
one, all right.
Turn around, Akiza.
♪
What--what is that?!
(roaring)
♪
You hear that?
Your pal Sayer is, well,
having a difficult time.
♪
Sayer, no!
If one of those Immortals is
appearing somewhere in the city,
then a lot of people
are in danger right now,
but...after almost
losing to Kalin,
I don't think I have
what it takes anymore.
♪
Who are you?
The name is DMaC.
♪
I know what Goodwin
did to you, Greiger.
To your village.
I know you're angry and I
know you still want revenge.
I can help you
get that revenge.
Come with me.
♪
What is that?
What is happening out there?
If I were you, Sayer,
I'd be much more concerned
with what's happening in here.
What do your bosses want?
All that matters is
that you're gonna pay
for beating me
in our last duel.
Now unless you want to
take it lying down, get up!
♪
It's your move.
You've got one more
chance to save yourself.
One more turn.
So, think carefully,
'cause this is it.
These dark powers of hers
are much stronger
than you anticipated.
But you can't lose focus now,
because if you can defeat her,
you can capture her, and
then you can convince her
to join your psychic army
and do your bidding.
You can do this, you're the
leader of the Arcadia Movement.
♪
It's my turn.
But you have to be careful,
that Future Vision field spell
of hers is quite
the tricky card.
If you summon a monster
through normal means,
it'll be zapped a
few rounds ahead,
and you won't be
able to fight with it.
So, that means you can't
use a normal summon,
you're gonna have
to improvise here.
Perfect.
From my hand, I activate
the Teleport spell card.
When you have a monster on your
field, and my field is empty,
I can sacrifice 800 life points
to activate this card's power,
and then special summon one
Psychic monster from my hand.
Kindly welcome
Stormcaller to the field.
♪
With Stormcaller, when your
Psychic type monster destroys
your opponent's
monster in battle,
you can put the
destroyed monster
on top of your
opponent's deck.
Next, I use an equip
spell, premature burial.
By getting rid of
800 more lifepoints,
I special summon a
monster from my graveyard,
and boost it with this card.
I resurrect Magical Android!
♪
Oh, and, since I
used a Special Summon,
your Future Vision
field has no effect.
Now go, Stormcaller!
Attack!
Take out Fortune Lady Fire!
♪
I activate my trap,
Slip of Fortune!
This card removes the target
of your monster's assault
and then negates
your attack altogether!
♪
That move may have
spared you some damage,
but I still have Magical
Android to attack with,
and your field is empty now.
So get ready for
a direct attack.
♪
And now I summon Psychic
Commander, in attack mode.
♪
Future Vision's
effect activates!
So say goodbye to commander,
because you won't be seeing
it until your next turn.
Assuming you even have one.
Well, then I better make
the most of this one, then.
By activating Magical
Android's special ability,
I gain 600 life points for every
Psychic monster on my field.
Now, our points are
pretty much equal.
If I can hold out
for one more round,
Psychic Commander will return
to my field for my next turn.
If I can bring him together
with Magical Android,
I can Synchro Summon my
deck's most powerful monster,
Thought Ruler Archfiend,
and then I can show
this Dark Signer what
true power feels like.
I just have to hold
out for one more round.
♪
It's the end of the line, Sayer.
I draw!
Thanks to the time traveling
effects of the Future Vision
field spell and my Slip
of Fortune trap card, both
Fortune Lady Light and Fortune
Lady Fire return to my field.
But these two ladies won't
be sticking around to play.
♪
What's this?
Now, after 5,000
years, the door
to the Netherworld
will open again,
and the Great
Immortals will feed
on the spirits
of Domino City.
I summon Earthbound
Immortal Aslla Piscu!
♪
(grunting)
You're a fool, did you forget
about your Future Vision?
The moment your monster
appears, your own field
spell is gonna zap it
one round into the future!
You won't be able to
do anything with it!
I warned you, Sayer, you
had one chance, one turn!
What?
You're right that my monster
will have to leave the field,
but thanks to its
special ability,
when it does
leave the field,
it'll take all your
monsters with it!
And for every monster you lose,
you also lose 800 life points!
You're finished.
♪
You're finished, Sayer.
Ah...where's this big
monster you summoned?
(roaring)
♪
No way, I've never seen a
monster like this before!
Yeah, well, know what?
You never will again, either.
(screaming)
♪
Sayer, no!
(screaming)
♪
Sayer!
This is bad!
♪
Looks like we're gonna have to
finish this another time, Akiza.
Akiza, come on!
We can't wait, Tanner,
the whole place could
come down any second!
Run, Akiza!
♪
-Atlas!
-What happened?
Not sure, but Akiza was
dueling a Dark Signer in there.
I had a feeling it was them.
Where is she now?
She's still inside.
You just left her?
Wait, Jack, don't!
It's too dangerous!
♪
Hey, Akiza, are you in here?
It's Jack.
Akiza!
♪
I knew these, they look like--
Carly!
Carly, are you in here?
Jack.
Akiza!
♪
Hang on, I got you.
Carly.
♪
What?
What just happened?
How did I get way up here?
♪
Oh no!
Did I really just duel the
head of the Arcadia Movement?
♪
What's with this duel disk?
What's this mark on my arm?!
What's going on?
Why am I freaking
out like this?
Carly, don't be
afraid of your destiny.
♪
Is that you, Misty?
You were chosen, Carly,
just as I was chosen.
Chosen for what?
Greatness.
You were chosen
by the Immortals.
When the life you once
knew was taken away,
you had unfinished business,
something you
needed to say or do.
The immortals gave you their
powers so that you could,
well, stick around.
Same kind of thing
happened to me.
We're still in this world,
but we're not
part of it anymore.
Not as we once were, anyway.
This mark is proof.
No.
That's a lie!
(whimpering)
♪
I understand.
It's a lot to
take in, I know.
Don't worry, you
will understand soon.
But before you can do that,
you have to figure out,
what is your
unfinished business?
And how can it benefit
the Dark Signers?
♪